A guy on a meat wagon surrounded by snarling dogs: P runs off the dogs and helps the man. Gets to question him.

A kid on a chariot crashes into a tree in front of P. P runs down and catches his horse. Gets to question him.

P comes upon a lady calling for help, having fallen through a hole in a frozen lake. Rescues her. Gets to question her.

P comes upon a wolf with its paw caught in a trap screaming and bleeding. Frees it. It turns into a man and educates him. (Add educate method)

P catches a fairy trying to steal his belt buckle in the night because it's so shiny. Agrees to give the fairy the whole belt if the fairy tells him something new. Fairy demurs, saying he is required by fairy law to help if ever caught, as long as he can go free. Educates.

P is possessed by an errant spirit who forces him into an old cabin full of books. Forces him to read. Releases him when he realizes he's literate. the books contain some useful information.

P comes across a child, who when asked where his parents are, speaks in a deep baritone voice very unchildlike some piece of useful info.

P comes across a doe with an arrow in her, bleeding. Tends the wound, and she becomes a beautiful woman. He interrogates her.

P trips and falls through a portal. Is accosted by a giant ten-story caterpillar who tells him useful things. He wakes up again lying by the roadside, with a regular-sized caterpillar inches from his nose.

P is ambushed by a thief jumping onto him from a tree. Having heard him jump, he moves aside at the last moment and pins the thief to the ground. Offers to let him go scot-free if he can give him information.

P stops a pair of soldiers from assaulting a random woman by pretending to be the king's man. Turns out she is a witch, but in repayment for his help, agrees to answer his questions.

A giant bird lands and vomits up a a little green man. The little man tells P one useful thing, grabs the bird's legs, and away they fly.

A Pidgey swoops down and starts pecking P on the head. He starts shouting about not having a Pokeball, and attacks it with a random item. A whole flock of Pidgeys come down and start pecking him to death. A Pidgeot comes and lands nearby and says "Oh there you are. Your mom sent me to tell you you forgot Mother's Day. Also, ..." educates and flies off. All the pidgeys leave to follow him, without apology.

P is swimming across a brook and is entrapped by an electric eel. He wakes up in a dark underwater cave surrounded by hungry baby eels. A lionfish swims in and rescues him and scares all the eels away. Tells him one useful fact before leaving him on the far shore.

P is approached by a skimpily dressed woman who says "Hey, baby. You're pretty hot. You like what you see? You can have anything you want." P proceeds to interrogate her.

P is challenged to a dice game by a demon. He accepts, but due to an ambiguity in the instructions, plucks out the demon's eyes and rolls them instead. The demon offers to tell him something useful in exchange for his eyes back.

The earth opens up and P is swallowed up. He spends a week climbing out eating nothing and drinking only urine filtered through his shirt. He learns nothing.

P enters a toy store looking for some quality handcrafted wood toys. There's nothing by plastic pony playsets and Legos, so P interrogates the shopkeeper.

P is tackled by a ghost. He SCREEEEEAMS! in fright, but the ghost just tells him some useful bit of info, says "say 'hi' to your mom from Misha" and flies off.

P stops at a roadside hot dog stand, but they are out of curry. The shop owner apologizes, and offers to answer a question instead.











A comes across a bunch of small children playing. Pours a heap of candy into their midst. Sits back and watches them beat each other up over it, and then gives a gold coin to the one that punched the hardest.

A comes across a very attractive woman who seems into him. He tells her to come see him in Magorod after he has married the princess. Tosses her a gold coin with his name scratched in it.

A catches a hare, makes a puppet of it, does a Punch and Judy show with it for some kids, then has Punch stab it to death as the climax. Gives the hare as a gift to the smallest child, tells him to give it to his parents to make dinner.

A hires a boy with a donkey to carry his bags for him. Once the boy has loaded all the bags on the donkey, he ties him to a tree and leaves without him, tossing a single silver coin on the ground just out of the boy's reach.

A captures a water demon and shoves it into a cursed kettle, and gives it to an attractive woman so that she will always have clean water for her tea as long as she never tries to open the kettle.

A overtakes a convoy of Chinese diplomats transporting a panda to the king. He tells them he is the King's envoy, sent out to escort them with a team of fresh horses to get them to town quicker. He attaches his draft team to the panda carriage and rides off at high speed, quickly losing his pursuers. He delivers it to a local warlord in exchange for some soldiers to accompany him. The warlord sells the panda back to the Chinese.

A leaps to stab a wild boar, and selects a few choice hairs to have a new toothbrush made. He releases the angry, injured boar in the middle of a tavern as a gift to the cooking staff.

A hires a team of tinkers to create a device to count how many steps he takes in a day and inform the whole world. When they repeatedly insist that such a thing is far beyond possible without the help of a wizard, he throws their tools at them until they run off, telling them never to come back until they have found a wizard and made his toy, but that he will take very good care of their families in the meantime . . . unless they disobey.

A walks into a tavern, sets down a bag of gold, and orders them to have an orgy in his honor. When they complain that there is only one old woman for fifteen men, he answers that she can come sit him and watch, unless theyy'd rather he took his money and left. They proceed to raid the bar and drink enough beer to lubricate the situation and eliminate their inhibitions.